v5.33.1 docs (#4405)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/changelog.md

## Release v5.33 - [Feature Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/release-definitions.html#feature-release)

- **v5.33.1, released 2021-03-22**
  - Fixed an issue where WebSockets failed with TLS connections. [MM-34000](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-34000)
  - Fixed a race condition which would crash the app server due to improper handling of WebSockets closing. [MM-33233](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-33233)

>   - Fixed an issue where ``ClusterSettings.EnableGossipCompression`` mmctl command was missing from v5.33.0. [MM-34046](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-34046)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fixed an issue where the ``mmctl`` command ``ClusterSettings.EnableGossipCompression``  was missing from v5.33.0. [MM-34046](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-34046)
```

>   - Fixed an issue where the ``mmctl`` command ``ClusterSettings.EnableGossipCompression``  was missing from v5.33.0. [MM-34046](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-34046)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Fixed an issue where the ``mmctl config`` command  didn't recognize newer settings (e.g. ``ClusterSettings.EnableGossipCompression``)  that were introduced in v5.33.0. [MM-34046](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-34046)
```

Adding a bit of broader info since the issue could have potentially affected more than just the one config setting.

Author: https://github.com/mattermost/docs/pull/4406
